I'm here in Hong Kong. You're watching
the China show. I'm Yvonne Man with
David Ingles.
>> Good morning. We're cutting down to the
open of markets in greater China as we
approach the Friday session, last one of
the week. Here's the approach. Oil down,
stocks are trading cautiously. That's a
bit of course [music] investors
digesting this barrage of headlines
coming through on the Middle East.
President Trump says the US may clinch a
permanent ceasefire with Iran with talks
possibly resuming this weekend.
>> Also ahead, TSMC stock in focus as it
raises its revenue outlook for this year
with a 58% [music] profit surge
underscoring the resilience of AI
demand.
>> Plus Kweichow Moutai posting the first
[music] annual sales decline since it's
listing on weak consumer and corporate
demand.
>> And I'm Stephen Engle at the Hong Kong
Exchange [music] where one of Hong Jo's
so-called six little dragons of AI
startups is set to begin trading.
[music]
Many Core Tech is raising more than 150
million US dollars in its [music] IPO.
>> Many Core Tech, that certainly is one
thing we're watching and many core
themes that are coming back into this
market, right? When it comes to
>> [music]
>> markets continue to price out the
possibilities of more conflict in the in
Iran. So certainly, you know, it gives
us more time as we talk about this whole
week about the tech space certainly.
TSMC just coming online here. We'll see
how those earnings do react. But
certainly, there's a lot of I guess
optimism as we head into of course
weekend possibly talks there. But also,
I mean, you're talking about a lot of
superlatives across these markets in
Asia, too.
>> Yeah, I think the Nikkei hit a record
this week. Taiwan was at a record. We're
very close in Singapore. We're very
close in Korea. Volumes though are still
on the lighter side of things. And
obviously this TSMC at the open, we're
looking at initial goings of about down
about 1 and 1/2%.
Likely to take a slightly back as far as
that benchmark goes. But yeah, the
direction of travel has been towards a
normalizing of market conditions. Not
all not all. I think when you look at
the VIX for example, we're back to 17.
Oil is back below three digits. I think
gold is up for a fourth straight week.
Dollar is down for a third and of course
depending on which equity market you
look at, we we are either at near record
highs and we are also approaching these
record streets. But yeah, I think the
other thing to point out though is it's
still unclear whether a deal will
happen.
I think it's when you look at things
like how far between the gap between the
two sides, it does indicate that you
know, while the direction of travel does
remain fairly clear, it's we we could be
here for months based on some of our
reporting as well, right?
>> Yeah, some of the Gulf Arab and European
leaders were talking about 6 months.
Is that's how long it's going to take to
actually come up with some sort of peace
deal. So what happens in the midst of
that, you know, can you still see
as a normalization as you say like we
don't have a return to fighting and we
continue to see the Strait of Hormuz
maybe allow a bit more, you know,
vessels to go through but certainly
that's still up in the air here right
now. But yes, we did hear from President
Trump here saying that DC is going to
make a good deal with Iran as the two
sides discuss an extended truce. The
currency's ceasefire expires next week
and US Defense Secretary Pete Hoekstra
says the US stands poised to restart
military action.
>> We are reloading with more power than
ever before and better intelligence.
Even more importantly, better
intelligence than ever before. As you
expose yourself with your movement to
our watchful eye.
We are locked and loaded.
>> Let's Let's in Bloomberg Politics editor
Laura Davison. Locked and loaded
according to Pete Buttigieg, but what
what should we looking at as we approach
the weekend here and possible talks that
could be happening, too?
>> It's we are again, yet again, seeing the
administration sort of keep all their
options open. You have Trump saying, you
know, a peace deal is just around the
corner. We may not even need a extension
of the ceasefire that is set to expire
here in just five or six days. Um and
that this deal is going to be great and
it'll include free oil as well as the
opening of the Strait of Hormuz and and
Iran's going to give up the nuclear
program, which sounds like a great deal
if you're Donald Trump. That may not be
a great deal uh for the Iranians and
they have, you know, not uh publicly uh
you know, acknowledged that that this is
a deal that they're coming together. Um
you know, sort of the the the question
now is are there going to be talks? When
are these talks going to happen? And you
sort of there's been lots of uh
discussion about this weekend sort of
being a potential benchmark. Just
getting these talks together though,
you've got people coming from different
sides of the globe. You need at least,
you know, a day or so heads up for
people to physically get in place. Um
you know, you have this deadline that's,
you know, set to expire on the on the
22nd um here in Asia. So, this is uh you
know, sort of a they're kind of up
against the deadline here and really
sort of the the best case scenario,
despite what the president US president
has said, is an extension of the
ceasefire. Whether that is, you know, a
longer-term thing like um European
allies are suggesting they might need or
a two-week deadline or a two-week
extension, which is what sort of the
previous discussions had centered on. Uh
but this sort of suggests that, you
know, this is a this is
again in the beginning phases of a long
process, not um you know, the five-yard
mark of of something that's about to to
finish.
>> Tell us more about what we know on that
six months and the timeline and what the
conditions in the interim might look
like actually. Will the strait be open?
Is it business as usual or is it more of
the extremes while they work out the
that deal, which could take, based on
our reporting, six months?
>> So, that is the big question because if
the strait remains as it is, essentially
with the US blockade, with Iran not
letting much in or out, uh
experts are warning that this could
spark some sort of food crisis, a
humanitarian crisis, and that you see
prices spike. So, that is a real
pressure point to uh you know, have
there be some sort of flow of traffic
through the strait, but what that looks
like, what is allowed, what, you know,
what kinds of cargos, what ships that
are connected to certain countries, that
is all very murky and and very hazy, but
that, you know,
sort of crises have a have a way of of
allowing certain things to happen. But,
you know, whether how the US would feel
about that, and Trump has been very much
of the opinion of of the US, if they're
not affected by you know, some of these
pieces that he doesn't care, and that's
all on, you know, Europe, that's on, you
know, Japan, that's on other allies to
to come to the fore and and fight that
out. So, this could get very messy very
quickly
with very very high stakes of, you know,
people starving.
>> Uh, yeah. Um,
we haven't even spent a lot of time
talking about that, which I think we
should. Laura, thank you. Laura Davison
there, of course, a politics editor.
It's It's the longer we're here, the
more uh, the more
serious that humanitarian aspect then
then, if if not already. Um, but as
markets go,
um, they look through this, and when you
look at where we are in prices, for
example, the Nikkei, we mentioned that's
at a record. We are now
set to erase, according to when you look
at the EM benchmark itself, set to
reverse completely
war-induced losses. We talked about this
dollar is uh, down for a third week.
This term premium on oil is largely back
in range, and gold, which has acted like
a risk asset, is up now for a fourth
week. Mark Cranfield is with us right
now to take us through the direction of
travel. Mark, it's it's certainly this
week going into this weekend compared to
last, when it was the negotiations that
were front and center. How do we need to
be thinking about the next 3 days as far
as markets go?
>> Okay, so we're the setup is the
investors are largely assuming there's
no backtracking.
Um, a lot as Laura pointed out quite
rightly, that the ceasefire deadline
does come up next week. That is
certainly important.
But, you can tell from the way that the
the is behaving, it's assuming
that either there's going to be an
extension to that ceasefire or
miraculously there'll be a deal before
the ceasefire even the deadline even
arrives.
They are not
pricing at all for the fact that
there'll be a return to the military
action that we saw in the middle of
March. That is not the base case for
global investors at the moment. So
obviously, should anything like that
happen, you can see markets would
reverse very, very quickly. But that's
not how people are are playing it right
now. And as you say,
most of the markets in Asia have have
reversed most of the losses they they
had during that period. Some are even
gone further ahead. And now we're
getting into the situation where if we
get through this weekend without too
much disturbance, it's going to be about
rotation. It's going to be about people
now looking for catch-up trades from
several of the the themes in AI and tech
have moved further ahead. Obviously,
some people have been left behind. If
you look at the the index gauges, MSCI
Asia Pacific has left the the Hang Seng
tech index in the dust. So clearly,
there are some Chinese tech names which
look like they have relative value
compared to the rest of their peers in
the region, even within the deep tech
story. So there's now a situation where
investors are probably feeling a little
bit more confident about looking ahead
for the few weeks, few months ahead, and
seeing, "Okay, which individual stocks
need to catch up? Which sectors have
been underpriced? Where can we adjust
our portfolios?" It's more now about
managing a positive risk outlook rather
than being defensive as they were back
in the middle of March.
>> Yeah, as you mentioned, right? This this
could still go on um
despite what markets are pricing in.
What what do you think are the the sort
of the biggest risks to that sort of
narrative that's building up right now,
Mark?
>> It's probably within the bond curves. I
mean, the bond markets have adjusted to
expecting that inflation will stay
higher for longer. It's a question of
how much inflation and for how long.
We've There's a G7 World Bank meeting
going on at the moment. There'll be lots
of central bankers have been talking.
There's this wait-and-see approach. The
theme from all of them, whether it's the
ECB, Bank of England, Bank of America,
everybody Everybody seems to be in
wait-and-see mode, which is
understandable. We've had a shock.
Inflation expectations have risen. Oil
prices are higher, but we're not quite
sure how long it's going to stay in that
situation. Central bankers need more
time to digest all this information.
The risk for investors certainly is that
they do what they The Reserve Bank of
Australia has done and Singapore. They
start tightening quite early. That is
not on the cards at the moment. It looks
as though European Central Bank, Bank of
England, Federal Reserve will all stay
on hold for the time being. But markets
are certainly not pricing
for aggressive interest rate hikes from
the central banks. As long as that stays
the case, it's a very good situation for
equities.
If central bankers start turning a bit
more hawkish, bond curve starts
steepening, that is something that will
disrupt equities, not just in Asia, but
globally.
>> Uh Mike, just a quick word on on TSMC.
We're down following, of course, what
happened in in ADRs overnight. What's
the slant that markets are taking post
earnings?
>> Actually, in a in a way, it's quite
reassuring. You They Expectations are
pretty high. TSMC largely met it. Stock
come down a small amount. That's a
massive contrast. A year ago, anytime a
big tech company only just met
expectations or the outlook wasn't
perfect, stock got slammed. It'll be
down 10% the following day. To see TSMC
down only 1 and 1/2% today, really,
that's That's pretty bullish, actually.
That could reverse pretty fast and as
people
Anthony Stevens likes to call it the
deep tech story. As long as that is
being pervasive across Asia,
it won't be too long before the stocks
reverse. A 1.5% decline is nothing in
the context of a big tech market.
>> All right.
Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield there in
Singapore for us. In fact, just on that
very note here,
we will be taking a closer look at TSMC.
We've had a flurry of
reaction from the streets. The company,
of course, raising its 2026 [music]
revenue outlook in a reflection of
strong AI demand.
>> Plus, we'll speak to the co-founder and
chairman of AI startup [music] ManyCore
as it debuts in Hong Kong after raising
more than $150 million
>> [music]
>> in its IPO. They are, of course, one of
the little dragons, the first of the six
to go public. We got the open of that
and, of course, the trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen, [music]
and here in Hong Kong. Happy Friday.
This is The China Show.
>> [music]
>> Looking at TSMC stock here [music] in
Taipei this morning, we are seeing the
shares down about 1.7% sort of mirror
what we saw with the ADRs, despite the
fact that results were a pretty strong
quarter, right? So, they talked about it
was a beat when it came to the results.
Outlook also was guided higher for 2026.
So, maybe it is kind of a sell on the
news sort of factor that we're seeing
here today. Let's bring in Masahiro
Wakasugi, our senior industry analyst at
Bloomberg Intelligence who covers TSMC.
Yeah, so I mean, it was another strong
quarter for for TSMC. What stood out to
you this time around?
>> All right. If we look at the revenue
guidance for 2026, it was revised
upward, which is a good thing. And the
second quarter revenue outlook is also
quite good, expecting 10% sequential
growth in Q2, Uh which compared with
historical 5-year average of 6% quarter
over quarter. So, I think that the their
business environment is uh quite good.
And more importantly, their gross margin
outlook is quite strong. And
they achieved a 66%
operating gross margin in Q1, but
they are expecting further increase to
the 66.5%
in midpoint. So,
despite the current uh you know, tough
inflationary environment, they are
managing the profitability as well. So,
that's quite you know, interesting point
for TSMC.
>> Uh
what about in the earnings call, did
anything stand out? What were the main
uh discussion points there?
>> Uh right. So, uh the company was giving
us a quite relieving
uh point about the procurement for the
key materials including helium or
uh hydrogen. And it seems like a TSMC is
well managing the procurement and
uh there should be no near-term uh
disruption for the procurement. And
also, uh TSMC is still uh talking about
their tight supply. And they are uh you
know, trying to keep the strong uh maybe
you know, trying to
meet the strong demand. And their supply
is not really uh you know, meeting up
the
strong demand. So, uh they are talking
about more capex going forward to supply
you know, to uh supply more chips for
the AI customers.
>> And it seems like there's just a lot
more optimism in the chip space here. We
saw the SOX index in the US was up for
like quite 12 straight sessions as well.
So, what are some of the broader
implications that you're seeing for the
tech sector based on these earnings?
>> Uh right. So,
uh it seems like a TSMC is talking to
its customers customer and they were
saying that the cloud you know cloud
service providers and they were
providing TSMC with a strong outlook and
that which seems to be the multi-year
demand outlook. So
TSMC has a quite confidence on the AI
demand going forward which is probably
good for the whole tech supply chain
including the materials or
you know equipment or memory uh chip
makers including Samsung SK Hynix.
>> All right. Masahiro, thank you. Masahiro
Akasugi there our Bloomberg Intelligence
senior industry analyst in Tokyo for us
for the their take
on these earnings. We're down ever so
slightly there on TSMC which I think
it's also the case when you look at the
approach to the opening bell here in
Hong Kong and in mainland China. We're
also watching of course several trading
debuts in Hong Kong today including
ManyCore which is set to give us its
initial pricing [music] in about 90
seconds or so. Lots more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back going into the open today,
final session of the week. A couple of
things to watch. Really strong momentum
in the Asia markets. China's index is
the best performing Asian benchmark over
the last 5 days. So we'll see what
happens with that. 3% pop yesterday.
ManyCore is a trading debut among
several others today. We're keeping an
eye on that in course in a moment. We'll
talk about So casinos by the way we had
some data coming through out of the
industry, oil because of the declines,
chips because of TSMC and of course
earnings is on Kweichow Moutai.
>> Yeah, it wasn't too pretty when you take
a look at that. But let's get to
ManyCore here. I we're believe we're
we're about to see some live pictures of
the Hong Kong exchange.
>> Many gains.
>> Many gains for the company here as we
talk about, it's one of the six little
dragons in China, the first to really to
go public. Look at that, 171%
on the first day of school. So,
certainly a lot of optimism. What an
interesting story though, right? I mean,
this is a company that really started
off with, you know, home renovation
assistance. Really that, you know, rode
that wave during the property sector
back in the day, which was once
sizzling, but now has really pivoted
this whole business,
this software unicorn into betting on
robotics, into AI. So, it's a bit of a
second act for this company, and what a
second act that we're seeing here.
>> Yeah, well, let's see what they do with
that money. It's a It's a good start to
the second act, right? And I think it's
a really good pivot from the company
here. I think we'll we'll get more
really from
the the boss of the company will will be
joining us, of course, later on in the
show. In the meantime, of course, the
other um
This is more OG than many more.
Kweichow Moutai posting its first annual
sales decline since 2001, that was the
listing back then. Of course, you have
weak consumer demand, and also corporate
demand weighing on the top line. Min Min
Low, our China correspondent, is big on
Kweichow Moutai. Um of course, how how
big was the sales decline?
>> Moutai. It's too too bitter for me. Um
but yes, the the decline was small, I
would say it's 1.2% decline on sales, 4
and 1/2% percent decline on net income,
but still very significant given this is
the first decline in about 25 years. And
the company has been struggling over the
last few years. You look at its
wholesale prices, last year was at a
record low. It fell by about 30% over
the course of the year, and a part of it
is the macro overlay, right? The slow
consumption, but another part of it is
the government's austerity campaign.
It's been telling officials to cut back
on spending. It's banned alcohol in
these government-related banquets, for
example. So, many of these companies,
not just Moutai, but the smaller baijiu
companies, they have been struggling,
and I've been speaking to mall operators
in China. They tell me that their VIP
gift cards, for example, have been hit
hard as well. So, it's all of these uh
corporate entertainment-related sort of
spending that has been hard hit. Uh
Moutai missed its own growth target of
9%, and I think if you're long Moutai,
you really have to think about how this
fits into the national strategy, because
I think this article uh on People's
Daily is quite telling. If you pull up
that quote end of last year, it said
that China's iconic luxury liquor is
losing its place at the table. Wholesale
prices fell sharply. It's a rare
reversal for a brand once treated as an
investment, and it's now returning to
more rational pricing. So, does this
mean then that perhaps this could be the
peak of Moutai's growth in China, and
perhaps like the EV players, they have
to go overseas now?
>> Wow, put down the glass. Um it's
interesting, but they they did raise
prices of the Feitian just a few weeks
ago, right? I mean, what other sort of
strategies are they looking at to really
lift sales now?
>> So, lifting prices is one. They hiked
prices of their Feitian, and they had
guided uh suggested retail prices to be
higher as well. Late last year, we
understand from uh Shanghai Securities
Journal, they actually uh tried to
stabilize market prices by putting a
pause on their supplies to distributors
for a short while. But, over the last
few years, they've been trying to
get to the new customer segments as
well, like the younger customers, for
example, you had seen the collaboration
with um what was it? The coffee Luckin
Coffee?
>> Yes.
>> Moutai coffee. Um and also, when it
comes to um third-party dealers, it's
been cracking down It's been tightening
control there, and it's expanding its
own direct-to-consumer channel. So, it
has its own iMoutai app. It's been
collaborating with the likes of Taobao,
Meituan for instant delivery. But, of
course, going overseas is one of the
strategies that it's expanded into the
UK last year. I think they They a pop-up
in Marina Bay Sands in Singapore last
year as well, and it's able to command
higher prices in Singapore in markets
like Singapore.
>> Okay. Well, that that that runway is
longer currently, of course, in the
overseas markets for for of course such
an OG brand.
Minmin, thank you so much. Minmin Low
there, our China correspondent. Right,
so Moutai is really one of the stocks
we're tracking. We should get initial
pricing on that in a moment here. Other
things we're tracking here, of course,
Minipor. We talked about that at the
trading debut today. We're up 117%
in the pre-markets. That, of course,
will be up and running in a couple of
minutes once we do have the opening
bell, which I would imagine will
coincide with the banging of those gongs
on that on that stage. Casinos and yeah,
sorry.
>> I was just saying Victor Huang, the
co-founder, is going to be joining us,
right? To talk about, you know, the the
this rebirth of the company. And I
certainly know Steve's going to be on
the ground there at the Hong Kong
Exchange to really talk about that.
Let's get to Macau cuz these aren't
doing anything right now. But let's look
at Moutai.
After what we saw when it came to that
the those weak sales prints that we we
talked about here for the earnings.
There you go, we're down
more than 4% here. The first revenue
drop since, of course, that listing. So
certainly
it is a big deal here and what what more
they can do given, you know, as as
Minmin has said, the policy directions
and the like is not in favor of this
company. But yes, is this going to be a
telling signal of what the rest of the
industry is going to perform? That's
going to be a key question, too.
>> Absolutely, yeah. It is the bellwether
of that. Wuliangye, Luzhou Laojiao, of
course, some of the other
booze makers in focus there. So we'll
look at the entire cohort once the
markets open up. And just given the
weighting of this stock on the CSI 300
consumer staples and the benchmark
[music] itself, this should be
a a decent dragon at market. We're going
into the open today. Some weakness
coming through. The opening [music] bell
is just ahead.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Another sign that markets have
somewhat moved on.
Uh are these live pictures coming
through [music] this proverbial popping
of the percussion
on the Hong Kong exchanges [music] and
we are set for a course trading debut
here today.
>> Yeah, we haven't done this in a while,
right? We have these live pictures and
there's several [music] of gongs on
stage here certainly amidst all this
volatility. But yes, there are some
still optimism [music] around the tech
space here and you know, one of them is
of course Money Forward Tech as we talk
about one of the six little dragons
[music] to go public for the first time
here and we're going to be speaking to
the co-founder Victor Huang in a video
alum and really how he pivoted this
business to all [music] the policy
tailwinds that we've been talking about
robotics, AI and away from the property
sector.
>> Yeah, and we'll see how they did it,
right? And what really they bring to the
table as far as AI concerned. Okay,
let's listen in.
>> [music]
>> There you go.
Money Forward Tech among the others
there.
>> [music]
>> Another first day of school here and we
already seeing that pre-market very very
punchy gains here when it comes to Money
Forward Tech. We are still up about 170%
here.
>> Right now. Certainly we're going to be
asking a lot of questions to Victor
Huang coming up as he
will be joining Stephen just a moment
here. But let's get a check on markets
beyond just these listing debuts here
today because it is going to be a happy
Friday if you're long these markets
given what we've been seeing, right?
Asian stocks are set for a second
straight week of gains here as we you
know, walk away from the whole Iran
situation in some ways. But then again,
we're watching when it comes to China X.
That is the one the star performer here
in Asia, in the last couple of sessions
or so. And there you go, you're seeing
when it comes to
the Kweichow Moutai, that's the one to
watch. We're down 4% when we talk about
the the poor earnings result here. That
is bringing some of these liquor makers
lower. Let's take a look at Wuliangye,
that's also down some 2%. So, certainly,
when it comes to Kweichow, that's not a
good news story here today. CATL, we're
actually slightly lower here today. But
then again, the battery stocks we've
seen, even in Korea, are on fire here
today. We take a look at what it comes
to what's going on in CSI 300. We're
slightly lower by about a fifth of 1%.
So, not quite joining in on this
rally that we're seeing across Asia here
today. Shanghai crude is still a little
bit elevated as we get closer to those
Iran talks or possible talks this
weekend here. But look at the China X.
Shenzhen still looking pretty good here.
We're up another a tenth of 1% here.
Let's take a look at how Hong Kong is is
shaping up because a few themes, not
just when it comes to many core, but
we're also taking a look at when it
comes to
the the earning side of things here,
right? But right now, tech seems to be a
little bit on offer. We're lower by
about a half of 1%. Hang Seng is around
that 26,000
250 level here. Alibaba is the only one
that's actually seen some green across
some of these big tech names as well.
There is also the signs of
watching very much the property sector.
We have Goldman Sachs coming through
here after, of course, the new home
price data I got yesterday. They're
thinking there's more of a recovery in
the second half of this year. We'll get
the Goldman take a pretty soon in the
next hour. Let's take a look at when it
comes to some of these stocks. So, Macau
certainly is one thing, many core is
one. Let's get to SenseTime. Let's get
to Ganfeng Lithium first. These are one
of the stocks to watch here this
morning. SenseTime is lower by about 3%
because of this placement for AI
expansion. They're raising about 3
billion Hong Kong dollars. Ganfeng
Lithium also said to be considering this
green bond offering this month here as
well. The stock is up some 3%. Macau
casinos, uh this is what we're doing
here right now. They weren't doing too
much in the pre-market here, but there
you go. Slightly to the downside today,
despite some pretty good numbers in
gaming revenue from the VIP space there
uh from the first quarter.
>> Yep, up 35% on year. One one Q mass
market gaming revenue plus uh 7.2%. So,
this one actually when you look at many
of the metrics in Macau, certainly back
to I can't believe I'm saying this
pre-pandemic levels, right? It took us
that long, but we're here here we are.
Okay, uh ManyCore a couple of minutes
into the session here as a public
company uh one of the uh what six
dragons, right?
>> Yep.
>> Yep, there we go. Of course, they go
public 162%
uh out of the gates on their trading
debut here today. Okay, I believe
uh we are ready. Of course, Stephen
Engel, our chief North Asia
correspondent, is in fact at the stock
exchange and he is standing by with the
company's co-founder. Steve.
>> That's right. Victor Hwang is a
co-founder and also chairman of ManyCore
Tech. Thanks so much and congratulations
on the successful debut. What a
whirlwind year it's been for you as
you've made this transition really from
the 3D spatial recognition software
company, a software as a service for the
property sector, to the AI space. Uh
what kind of journey has it been for you
because you told us in the last few
months that you know, once the Deep Seek
moment, you became
the world became aware of you. What's it
been like for the last year?
>> Yeah, we have already focused on the uh
spatial intelligence for almost 3 years.
Uh but it's a long journey until the
Deep Seek become be famous, then a lot
of people from all over the world to
look at the AI technology from China.
Before, people would not look at us. So,
I think it's our honor to be
to be aware.
>> What's your biggest challenge right now?
Because we do know the challenges for
the physical AI and the robotics, and
that is successfully navigating the
physical world. How far are we away from
having that kind of AI adaptation to
allow the humanoid robots where humans
interact with the physical world
intuitively, the biggest challenge has
been to get the robotics to do the same.
>> Uh well, it's a good question. Just I
think the biggest challenge is the top
talents and the data.
So, we are we work on the physical AI
then the physical AI has three parts.
First is embodied AI and it's it's
linked with the hardware. And
the
the nowadays the the Chinese robot the
world's robot it's already performed
pretty good. So, the next part is the
spatial intelligence is what we are
working on. It's the spatial awareness,
reconstruction, and
and generation.
And the third part is the world model is
nowadays very famous. Just you you you
can simulation the world and you can
predict the future. So, that three parts
combined together as a physical AI.
>> How important was it for you to take the
company which was founded in 2011 or
thereabouts which was really interior
design software 3D modeling and the
like? How important was it to shift from
that software as a service model which
is right now struggling? If you look at
Salesforce, if you look at Adobe,
they're they're struggling to adapt to
the AI world and AI competitors. How
important was it for the success and the
survival of your company to make that
shift to AI? What is the moat that
protects you?
>> Yeah.
Actually, we start from the GPU to the
cloud. Before I start up this company, I
work at Nvidia, work at the good our
team. And at that time I I I see the
great opportunity to move the GPU from
desktop to the cloud. Yeah. Then I
[music] need to find out the
application.
Then we can see when the software
business is transiting [music] from this
desktop to the cloud, so we grab the
opportunity then move the traditional
software to the cloud. And now today the
system was
uh just improved. The new technology
coming out, so we find out the large
model become
>> [music]
>> will make the system smarter and
smarter. So I think it's a transiting
from just the new GPU algorithm to make
us to to make the spatial intelligence.
I think it's pretty smooth. Just you can
we grow together with the GPU just grow.
>> Now, where are the proceeds going to go?
Because again, you're not yet
profitable. You were profitable on an
adjusted basis last year, but still
you're likely to be in the red uh this
year. You're going to be reinvesting
this into what?
>> Actually, after we be IPO, the the debt
is disappear.
So we are profitable company right now.
But we will still engage on the new AI
technology. We will engage on the top
data. We will engage on the computing
power. We will engage on the data. Then
we will explore the more market like the
not only in the interior design, we we
we also explore the global market and
also for the uh 3D content creation for
e-commercial, for short film. A lot of
domain can use our new technology. Our
new technology not only can support our
uh soft traditional software, it's and
also support our new software.
>> Well, how important is compute to you
and processing power and having access
to the most advanced AI accelerators.
>> Computers really important for us, but
we are more focused on the just the chip
computing just the maybe the computing
cost per token.
We we make it the cheaper the better.
So, we are not going to purchase the
most expensive [music]
device. We we will going to purchase the
most the just cost efficient device.
>> Well, that's what that's the trend right
now with the gigantic AI is the
tokenization as well because of the
cheaper power and you're able to
leverage that and not necessarily have
the most advanced chips from Nvidia
right now. Is that what you're seeing?
>> Yeah, you're right.
>> Okay, you mentioned overseas market. How
challenging is that right now given the
geopolitical situation? There's war that
people are risk averse right now. I
think a few months ago you mentioned
about Oh, no, it was in June when you
and I met at the World Economic Forum in
in Tianjin. You said about 10% of your
revenue right now or then came from
overseas market including Korea,
Thailand, and elsewhere. What's your
goal for international market percentage
of revenue in the next couple of years?
>> I think for the long term we will we we
we hope the global market will dominate
much bigger
just percentage of of our revenue, but I
think the biggest challenge right now
for us for the global market is the
international management especially for
the people from different culture,
different languages, different time
zone. It's really it's much much harder
than than manage the people inside of
China. So, we we still need to learn how
to manage the global team. We have
around 10 office outside of China. That
is already a big challenge, but
after IPO we will have branding, much
better branding to hire the top talent
from all over the world, from different
countries. Because before no one know
who is Manica or Tech, but now we IPO,
they can check check it on the list.
>> Right. So, who are your customer? Who's
your customer list? I found your
cornerstone investors to be quite
interesting. One, you have a big
insurance company, Taikang. But you also
have Hesai. And I know that David Lee
and you are good friends or you guys
have come up through the industry very
very well. They're the lidar maker in
vehicles. So, the EV industry, robotics
makers, who else are you really pivoting
your new offering as page two of Manica
as it develops?
>> Uh,
we are spend a lot of efforts on the
physical AI part. I I'm friends of David
Lee. Then we we always just we often
work together to discuss what is the
future of the physical AI. Then we think
we have great potential to work
together.
Then just
uh, they IPO before us.
>> What kind of hiring and how difficult is
it to attract and retain talent in the
AI space, which is hotter than ever
right now?
>> Yeah, right now the top talent is the
hottest. Just It's really hot. It's just
We will try our best to just we will get
better just better salary, better
environment, then better culture for the
top talent. And we will we will try our
best effort to to attract the best uh,
the top talent to join us. And when we
find someone is young, but is super
smart, they they can report to me. Then
I will have one-on-one with him just
every week. We we will make sure he will
have idea. He will have his own idea to
make something creative. And I will
support the top talent.
>> How about the timing? I'm just looking
at the price right now, up 163% on day
one in the opening minutes. Uh a lot of
people say perhaps you um priced it low.
I mean, you priced it at the top end of
the indicative range at $7.62,
I believe it was. But again, a few years
ago you
basically pushed aside the opportunity
to raise funds 500 million in the United
States. Did you just find now was the
best time to do it even though the
valuation was not going to be as rich as
perhaps it was before?
>> Uh now we already be a profitable
company. We want our investor become
profitable, also.
Uh so it it's a happy day, actually. The
war is temporary ending. I'm happy. Our
investor investor is happy. So that's
great. Why not?
>> Victor, great to see you.
Congratulations on the successful
listing, and we'll see many you many
times in the future as China's
uh agenda to gendered AI and humanoid uh
robots develop. Back to you, guys.
>> Fantastic interview there. Thanks,
Victor, uh and Steve, of course, for
that interview. And certainly uh the
turnaround on this company certainly has
been quite remarkable to say the least.
Uh coming up, let's talk a little bit
more about Australia. The Treasurer, Jim
Chalmers, tells us how the Iran war is
set to hit inflation and growth as he
prepares to hand [music] down the annual
budget next month. Our conversation from
the G20 meeting in DC is next.
>> [music]
>> This situation will gradually improve,
but uh
uh according to our analysis,
>> [music]
>> it can take up to 2 years
to see a the big chunk of the production
coming back to uh the before war levels.
Uh it will improve gradually, uh but it
will not be immediately coming back to
the pre-war
levels. And some of them maybe even
longer than 2 years, [music] especially
some of the some of the LNG terminals.
>> Fatih Birol there, the IEA executive
director, speaking to us from Paris on
really how long it might take for this
whole recovery in oil and gas. 2 plus
years potentially here. On the face of
that, of course, we've been talking to
Australian Treasurer Jim Chalmers. And
he says that Australia is not changing
its tax policies due to the energy shock
from the Iran war. Chalmers hands down
the country's annual budget next month,
and speaking to us in Washington, also
said he expects growth to take a hit.
>> Like almost every country here at the
G20 meetings, Australia is expecting to
see a higher inflation and slower growth
as a consequence of this war in the
Middle East. And that will play out not
just in petrol prices and diesel prices,
but also in construction costs and in
other parts of our economy as well.
We're very alive to that as we
finalize our our preparations for the
budget. Housing will be a key focus in
that budget. It has been of the
government's first four budgets, and it
will be a big focus of the fifth. We
don't have enough homes in Australia.
We're very focused on making sure that
we can build as many homes as possible
to deal with this shortage which has
built up
over a long period of time. And that has
an intergenerational fairness element to
it as well, which we're focused on.
To make sure that we can get more people
into home ownership and that there are
more homes and more affordable options
for people to choose from. So, housing
will be a key focus in the budget as it
has been
a key focus of our government
throughout.
>> Let's drill down a little bit more when
it comes to energy because it's my
understanding that there's been a lot of
discussion in Australia about raising
more revenue from resources like natural
gas, including a potential 25% export
tax. But I'm wondering, does the
backdrop of a global energy shock and
war in the Middle East make you
re-evaluate Australia's trade
relationships when it comes to to the
context of energy exports?
>> I think it's a really important reminder
of just how just how crucial these
trading relationships are to Australia.
You know, just in the last few hours,
I've met with
countries who which provide more than
half of Australia's diesel imports and
around 3/4 of our petrol and aviation
fuel imports. And the message that I've
been able to deliver to them, which I'm
happy to repeat on your program, Tyler,
is that we haven't changed our policy on
taxes on LNG and energy.
We know how important it is that we
continue to be a reliable supplier. We
have international obligations. And as
we put the budget together and we
consider all of these suggestions that
we get,
often quite diverse range of
suggestions, we won't be doing anything
that threatens those trading
relationships or those supply
relationships.
I've been communicating that directly to
our major trading partners here in
Washington, D.C. And we've been
communicating that publicly as well.
>> Well, I'm glad that you brought up these
conversations you're having because this
White House, of course, has hit
Australia with tariffs. President Trump
has recently criticized Australia for
failing to support the US when it comes
to the war in Iran. I'm wondering, in
just the final minute, can you give us
any more insight into what your
conversations this week have been like
so far with US officials here in
Washington and the response to President
Trump's demands?
>> Well, as you know, the United States is
hosting and chairing these G20
discussions and so Secretary Buttigieg
has been in the chair this morning
uh guiding this conversation. It's been
an opportunity for
uh each of these major economies in the
G20 to compare notes, to talk through
their forecasts, their expectations for
how uh this fallout plays out in our own
economies. And so the Americans have
been
a not just a key part of that
discussion, but leading and hosting and
chairing that discussion. Been an
opportunity to
uh provide our views there. Now, more
broadly when it comes to decisions taken
here in Washington, D.C.
Uh you know, Australians didn't choose
the the circumstances of this war in the
Middle East from an economic point of
view. We want to see an end
uh to this war because Australians are
paying a hefty price for it at the
petrol browser, but more broadly as
well. There are good economic reasons to
see this ceasefire stick and to see the
Strait of Hormuz open. And if if and
when we can see that happen,
uh we know that this uh economic fallout
will have a long tail. And so that's a
another way of saying that these
engagements are really important
reminder of how high the stakes are,
uh how damaging uh these developments
are for countries like Australia, and
they really focus the mind as we put the
government's budget together and hand it
down in less than 4 weeks' time.
>> Jim Chalmers there, of course, the
Australian Treasurer with our Taylor
Kendall uh that conversation. By the
way, if you want to just watch that back
or others that you might have missed
here, the Bloomberg video hub, subscribe
can explore live streaming news, uh
interviews that you might have missed,
all our Bloomberg TV shows, reporter
analysis, documentaries. Check it out,
bloomberg.com/
videos.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Here are some of the stories that we're
tracking for you this morning. Netflix
shares fell in late trade following a
second quarter forecast that missed
expectations. [music] The streaming
giant expects earnings per share of 78
cents per the current quarter [music]
period I should say below the 84 cents
predicted by analysts. Now also
announced that its co-founder and
chairman Reed Hastings will step [music]
down from the board after 29 years to
pursue personal interests. The results
are the first since Netflix walked away
[music] from the Warner Brothers
takeover battle.
>> Our teams were more than up to the task.
[music]
Um
we learned so much about uh deal
execution, about early integration. Uh
[music] we're really proud of the teams
that did all that work. Um we were we
were proud to win the bid. Uh we were
confident [music]
uh in our ability to get to the finish
line with regulators for the approvals
that we needed. Um and but mostly we
really [music] built our M&A muscle. We
met a bunch of great people in the WBD
during this process.
Uh so if there's any emotion in all of
this, it was the disappointment of not
getting to work with those folks.
>> And Bloomberg has learned that SpaceX
[music] has moved up employee share
vesting to as early as next week. Now
sources [music] tell us the company
informed staff that the vesting date
would be in April rather than May as
previously expected. The accelerated
timeline is aimed at [music] easing
concerns over how much equity staff can
sell ahead of its highly anticipated
[music] IPO, which is targeting a
valuation of over $2 trillion.
>> All right. I'm just looking at cash
markets. CSI 300 is flat. Volumes are
extremely thin.
Uh it's really though in the China A
index. [music] As you can see that rally
continues up 1% volumes are also on the
heavier side of things. We have lots
more on the way here in the second hour
of the China show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Yeah,
we're taking your live pictures out of
Shanghai, but all the action seems
[music] to be happening across the
border where we are right now in
Shenzhen. Take a look at the China X. We
are session highs here right now, close
to 1% gains here. And really one of the
best performers in Asia for the past
five sessions. A lot of that has to do
with the CATL story, just given their
earnings this week as well, but also
small caps are doing quite well in this
market, Dave.
>> Small caps, tech. In fact, you It's not
very obvious when you look at the index
level itself, because you actually have,
you know, a lot of these big tech plays
in the Asia market leading, uh, well,
seeing substantial gains, 4 to 8%. But
then you have, of course, the Moutai uh,
offset, which is really weighing, uh, on
the benchmark itself. So, you have
Moutai coming up. That's also pulling
down some of the other peers in the
liquor, uh, industry. We're down 4.3 on
Moutai. Where is Moutai? Oh, 3.4 on
Moutai. SenseTime, that's a place.
Meituan is also getting pulled down.
Many core, of course, is a big listing
here. Uh, trading debut here today. We
are coming off highs of the day and I'm
just up 163%.
TSMC reporting earnings
uh,
as good as almost what what what the
markets were expecting, if if not if not
better. Uh, but the markets are selling
this ever so slightly, though, down
about 2%. Uh, rest of the tech space on
your screens. But I think the point is
we are going into this weekend somewhat,
uh, with more signs of normalizing.
>> Yeah, I mean, the markets, yeah.
>> Even with a drop of 2% on TSMC, seems
big. But, you know, when you take a look
at how some of these tech, you know, big
names and tech giants have reported, you
know, if there is something that's just
in line,
you know, we've seen much bigger
declines. So, you know, as Mark
Cranfield and the M Live team said, 2%
we'll take it. It's actually not bad in
terms of that reaction, uh, given the
fact that results were actually a beat.
Also, they guided higher when it comes
to revenue. So, certainly, uh, still
looking pretty good for 2026 for TSMC.
and as you say, you know, it gives us
more time to think about, yes, are we
returning back to normal, right? When
you talk about what's going on with the
dollar, right? We're heading for a third
straight week of losses. Uh, gold is
coming back uh, in a big way despite the
fact that it didn't behave like a safe
haven during the whole Iran situation.
Uh, and EM stocks for the most part are
erasing some of the losses that we've
seen since this war erupted, right? And
that oil term premium, we're actually
we're seeing less volatility there as
well.
>> Yeah, we've come from very extreme
levels to the downside. Fact that it's
going to come up. So, like
the term structure is when you look at
the
uh,
effectively front end and the back end.
And as you can see, we're pretty much
back to
uh, range. It's not back to normal
programming just yet. Obviously, there's
perhaps the gap there would be uh,
I guess the difference between where we
are and where reality will be in 6
months based on our reporting. In any
case, of course, from a macro
perspective, the direction of travel is
very, very good. And I think we've had
some reporting to uh, just on the hedge
fund front, right? That April
uh, a lot of the big hedge funds are
doing well after just getting whacked on
in March. And I think that's the macro
picture for you. Vincent Tu is with us,
our managing editor for Asian equities.
He's with us out of Singapore. So, yeah,
Vincent, what is the story today? Why
don't we start with Why don't we start
with tech?
>> Yeah, it is uh, really about tech and
about how animal spirit is back.
Investors are reviving their pre-war
playbook, right? It is especially in
China. You guys were talking about
Chinax. And that index is full of tech.
You know, we're talking about optical
fiber makers, chip makers, and also
energy storage names like CATL. And if
you look at earnings, these are actually
backed by fundamentals. We saw chip
makers such as Biwin reporting a big
surge in profit last week. And we saw
uh, Zhongji Innolight, which is a giant
in fiber optical. They beat estimates
yesterday Uh, and if you look at cattle
I think the data center demand proved to
be very strong so all of that is keeping
investors distracted from the Iran war
like investors across the world and of
course there is also a bunch of IPOs
recently in Hong Kong that have been
doing well you guys mentioned the many
core it's a AI sort of robotic thematic
company little dragon from Hangzhou and
the big debut definitely offering people
sort of a slightly different sector to
look at right the data
AI data it's a service as a
as a
company and and also a lot of AI related
themes and yesterday we see sick energy
also jumping a whole lot and that is
related to energy storage again it's
you know in demand from data centers so
yeah plenty of things to again keep
people distracted and excited about the
AI theme.
>> Yeah is it all too rosy?
I don't know
given the fact that we still don't know
what's going on with these Iran talks in
the second round and the like anything
you know where are you seeing
the most in terms of flows here right
now you know is is this sort of rotation
sustainable right I mean Mark Cranfield
was talking about there is a bit more
rotation back into the value side of
things tech certainly is the
outperformer but what are you seeing in
terms of what analysts are telling you
now?
>> Yeah I think the big picture is rotation
back into tech you know if you look at
North Asia Taiwan and Korea drawing
money back again after record outflows
that we saw in March but also there are
some bright spots within the kind of
more value oriented space if you look at
China the brokerage space right now is
being touted as a bright spot just
because valuation is still below
historical average but if you look at
performance
uh with city security city securities as
an example, they reported preliminary
earnings up 55%
in the first quarter. That's mainly
driven by a 71% jump in daily average
trading turnover for mainland listed
stocks. So, you know, with
animal spirit coming back, I think that
is a sector people are continuing to be
watching right now.
>> All right, NianTing, we got it there.
Definitely watch the thing with the
brokerage there. That is of course one
of the taking stocks for today. Our
managing editor for Asia equities,
NianTing too. As NianTing mentioned,
right, there's a big listing debut here
in Hong Kong today, Manicor. Got its
start in China's real estate market, if
you didn't know that. But the company
has now pivoted away and betting on
robotics and AI for its second act. And
take a look at that second act. 162%
on this first day. Let's get to our
chief North Asia correspondent, Stephen
Engle. He just spoke with the company's
co-founder and joins us still live from
the Hong Kong exchange. What a story
there, Steve?
>> Yeah, I think Manicor tech sort of
exemplifies what
NianTing was just talking about, and
that is this sudden reversal of towards
more confidence here. Of course, there
was a lull because of the last 7 weeks
of the war in Iran. And of course, also
some of those restrictions, regulatory
restrictions coming down from Beijing on
overseas incorporated Chinese firms
listing here in Hong Kong. So, it was a
bit of a a dampener, but it seems like
with Manicor, yes, they didn't raise as
much as they would have if they had
listed in the United States as
previously planned about 3 years ago.
They were aiming to raise about half a
billion. This was $156 million,
but it was 1,600 times oversubscribed on
the retail tranche, 14 times
oversubscribed
on on institutional tranche. And as
we've just been seeing, it's up 162% at
one point it had almost tripled in the
opening few minutes of trade. They
priced it at $7.62, now at about $20.
Obviously, the AI space is hugely
popular with investors here in Hong
Kong. We've had a number of other AI
companies uh list before um, you know,
Megvii Court Tech, uh but this one uh
really sort of exemplifies a long
company in terms of existence. They've
been around since 2011. They were doing
3D uh software for the property sector,
3D imaging for interior design. They're
taking that 3D data that they have and
then switching it into the physical AI
world. And, you know, Victor uh Huang,
the co-founder and chairman, says that
Deep Seek moment last year, which
they're one of the six uh new dragons,
uh little dragons from Hong Joe, really
changed their fortunes. Here's Victor.
>> We have already focused on the uh
spatial intelligence for almost 3 years,
uh but it's a long journey until the
Deep Seek become be famous, then a lot
of people from all over the world will
look at the AI technology from China.
Before, people would not look at us. So,
I think it's our honor to be
to be aware.
>> So, just in a nutshell, what they do is
they'll take this spatial awareness from
their 3D models for the physical world
and basically translate that into the AI
world for physical AI and robotics. You
know, we can navigate through a room uh
pretty intuitively, right? Uh but the
humanoid robots have had a challenge.
So, again, it's getting that physical uh
spatial awareness, spatial intelligence
with the aid of AI into physical AI
robotics uh and that's the way they see
forward for a new era of growth.
>> Steve, what what else stood out to you
when you
in that interview? You guys covered
quite a wide range of of of topics. He
looked
uh very good personality. He smiled
throughout the interview.
Um yeah, anything else stood out to you,
Steve?
>> Well, they don't necessarily need to
rely like the large language models
globally on the high compute from the
the most advanced Nvidia uh
accelerators. Again, he came from
Nvidia. He worked at Nvidia. Uh but
that's not necessarily holding them back
by having those export controls uh from
the United States. I'm sure they would
love to have their hands on them if they
could. Uh but also their international
aspirations are quite large. Uh last
year, I think they said they got about
10% from the international market. And
big promising markets include South
Korea, Thailand, even in the Middle
East, uh and even in the United States.
So, that's those export controls and if
one would say the bifurcation of uh the
tech development worlds between the
United States and China is not holding
Manutech back according to the
co-founder. So, obviously with a very
successful IPO today, they're quite
optimistic. Uh we'll have to see going
forward though, but there's lots of
optimism in the AI space, especially
among those six little dragons of AI
startups coming out of Hangzhou. This
was the first of those six that
includes, of course, Deep Seek as well
uh as Unitree Robotics uh to go public.
>> There we go. One of the six dragons.
That's three three short now of Kowloon
if you get the joke. Anyway,
Stephen Engle, our our chief North Asia.
Of course, did anyone get that? Uh okay.
Joe Long. is okay. it. All right, coming
up here on the China show Goldman Sachs
head of China real estate research joins
[music] us to
really tell us that they extrapolate two
cities to lead this recovery Shanghai
and Shenzhen lots more ahead with Yu
Wang from Goldman Sachs in a couple of
minutes. This is the China show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back home prices in China. Let's
talk about this, right? So we did get
data this week
the declining pace of growth the
declining pace of losses rather. Okay,
the declining pace of losses rather
according myself into that based on the
latest home price numbers slowest in
around a year. Official data now shows
new home prices down point two percent
in March the smallest decline in nearly
a year. Yeah, real estate values in
mainland China have been on a year's
long slump but some analysts actually
now expect the market to start sharp
start drawing signs of bottoming out.
>> Yeah, just like our next guest Goldman
Sachs is predicting that when it comes
to some of these first tier cities it's
Shanghai it's Shenzhen that will lead
this recovery. It's head of China real
estate research Yu Wang now joins us
live from Shanghai. Yu Wang thanks so
much for joining us. Yeah, it is those
tier one cities where we're still seeing
when it comes to sequential home price
gains
in some ways. Obviously we've seen some
home buyers easing measures in the last
few months or so.
Tell us what you're seeing. Do you think
that the bottom is in and is the worst
really over now in this slump?
>> Yeah, I think that this is exactly what
we try to point out in this report that
after five years of downturn we finally
see an inflection point leading by this
Shanghai Shenzhen cities with a stronger
stuff on the Mentos.
We highlight the four key fundamental
drivers for housing market recovery and
both Shanghai and Shenzhen sit at the
best of position among these four
fundamental drivers.
>> Okay, and
so so tell us about the the price
projections. People are probably
wondering how much prices are likely
going to go up if you guys are correct
for these two cities. So what is the
projection?
>> Yeah, we're looking for a 15% price
increase during
the end of this year to the end of 2028.
So with the 40% price decline from the
peak level, basically we're saying that
this will reverse to a 30% down from the
peak level. This is kind of a similar to
the magnitude that we're looking at
average of magnitude of a price decline.
We look at global housing market
downturns.
>> Uh Yuan, just to clarify, the timeline
is from the end of this this year to the
end of 2028 or is was it from the end of
last year 2025 to the end of 2028? Just
to clarify that.
>> Yeah, I think that we're still in the
stabilization stage. So we're we're
really looking for an inflection point
later this year.
So it's not from end of 2025 but later
this year.
>> Yeah.
>> Um so that's just two cities. I'm just
wondering when you look nationally right
now, Yuan,
is it just as promising? I mean, I when
you take a look at tier two, even lower
tier cities, I think housing stock is
still what at at decade highs here right
now. So can this broaden out this
recovery?
>> Yeah, I think the the importance of
Shanghai and the Shenzhen is that
on a combination basis, both cities
accounts for 20% of secondary market
sales volume or transaction volume.
Secondary market is the key swinging
factor in downturn in terms of ASP
trend. So, the early bottoming out of
these cities obviously will have a lot
of implications to the rest of the
two-tier one cities as well as
those stronger tier two cities. So, we
think that it's still quite important to
highlight this inflection point to
investors. Of course, there's still a
lot of inventory pressure in many
lower-tier cities. But, as we
highlighted in the report, we're still
looking for about a 24-month of
possible time horizon for these markets
to eventually stabilize. Not price
increase, but stabilization.
>> Mhm. Which would be a good step
certainly from the current conditions.
What about other first-tier cities?
>> Yeah, I think actually, if you look at
the Beijing,
there's quite similar positive momentum
a year today.
But, the reason that we highlight the
Shenzhen and Shanghai in this report is
we see a very high property price
correlation with Hong Kong. You all know
that the Hong Kong property market
already recovered for about a year. And
based on historical experiences,
Shanghai, Shenzhen,
you know, after Hong Kong property
market recovery you know, will follow up
in about a year time. That's the reason
that we want to, you know, highlight
this
critical timing of inflection point
after seeing Hong Kong property market
early recovery.
>> Interesting. I like the links there that
you put, you on. Um
we we've seen these sort of policy-led
rebounds before. I bring it back to
2023, 2024.
But, what happened was quite
short-lived. Uh you
I hate to ask that question, but what
what's different this time
that you think that there might be more
of a recovery and runway here.
>> Yeah. I think
if you look at the investors focus which
we've been very clear about,
their focus now increasingly shifted
from policy to fundamentals. And that's
the reason that we spend so much time
talking about these four fundamental
drivers, which are the key drivers for
Hong Kong market recovery. We'll be also
the
key drivers for Shanghai central market
recovery, which is demographics, income,
supply, and affordability. So with all
these, you know, fundamental drivers
aligning with the Hong Kong property
market,
we think that the conviction from us to
see these two cities recovery is getting
higher. And I think based on the last
couple of days communication with the
investors,
most investors are actually not asking
about us, you know, what kind of new
policies that you think will be launched
by the government. But more, why you
think these are fundamental drivers are
important for these two markets,
how you come up with these 15% of price
increase.
>> I see. Okay, so the four factors, let's
talk about that.
Does the momentum across those four
individually and collectively
do those four point to gains broadening
out? And part of that question also is,
I think you mentioned policymakers, have
they done enough?
And do they just wait until things Is it
just a matter of time is my is my simple
question.
>> I think
the government
policy
you know, measures or supporting policy
measures is more on the local city
level. If you look at the Shanghai and
Shenzhen,
there's still room for both cities to
further relax home purchase restriction.
The government already halfway in
relaxing
these control.
I think that this is maybe something on
a city specific level that we can watch
for.
But in terms of the four fundamental
drivers, you see the immigration talent
attraction program that help
demographics in both cities that keep
improving.
And on the supply side, actually this is
something that we think Shanghai and
Shenzhen sit better than Hong Kong is
that
the sellable supply um actually come
down already come down 20 30% for both
cities from their peak level.
And more importantly, if you look at the
housing supply ratio measured as average
households owning how how many housing
units, Hong Kong is a 1.1, but for both
Shanghai and Shenzhen, it's actually
still below one times
in the sense that you know, structurally
there's still more housing units needs
to be built in both cities with a
population increase. I think that the
only thing that
Shanghai and Shenzhen lacks versus Hong
Kong is a positive cost of carry, i.e.
rental yield the minus mortgage rate is
still negative, but this is already the
tightest level that we see in a decade
time.
And I think another aspect that we
should pay attention to is the rental
yield against the time deposit rate.
Right? So if you look at the rental
yield against time deposit rate, we are
at the very you know, a one 1% spread
right now.
So that triggers, I think, probably the
reason why we're seeing secondary market
listing supply
decreasing for both cities, especially
Shanghai.
This has been decreasing for
you know, actually since the last
December. So this is a quite encouraging
sign in the sense that people will
wonder after 40% of property price
decline, should I sell now or should I
actually looking for renting
opportunities?
As if I sell now, my gain by putting the
cash into banks is really so tiny versus
the, you know, the almost 2% of rental
yield. So, I guess this dynamic is also
very important when you think about
affordability. But most markets.
>> Okay. Can Can I ask you in 15 seconds,
should I sell now or should I rent it
out? What What What What do you think?
Just the broad What What's your
>> Personal question.
>> Yeah.
>> I think that well, I think uh maybe they
will still decided to sell at the end
cuz we know that
Chinese household might have a multiple
housing units, but just simply slowing
down that listing supply can help in
near-term supply and demand dynamics in
the secondary market and that's very
crucial for property price to stabilize
in secondary market.
>> Asking Asking for a friend. Okay, you
posed the question, so I just wanted to
know what the answer was. You want Thank
you so much, head of China real estate
research there at at Goldman Sachs.
Right, lots more ahead here on on the
China show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. We got some news this
morning when it comes to the corporate
side of things, earnings [music] and the
like. Wall Street banks are said to be
tightening their arrangements with
private credit funds amid the turmoil
[music] in global markets. Sources tell
us that lenders such as JP Morgan and
Goldman Sachs are exercising [music]
their right to write down individual
assets, while others are raising
interest rates. The moves are adding
pressure on private credit funds already
reeling from [music] an exodus of
investors.
Footwear maker Allbirds stock sank more
than 30% a day after that near 600%
surge [music] as it announced a surprise
pivot to AI infrastructure. Analysts
have expressed skepticism about the
company's move [music] and the stock
reaction. One called it a Hail Mary and
another saying it has the feel of a meme
stock driven by emotions rather than
logic.
>> Kind of feels like when folks changed
added blockchain to their
>> [laughter]
>> names a few years back. Victory Giant A
shares [music]
big win if you think about it ahead of
that H listing next week. Uh we're also
looking at optical related stocks in
China and as you can see we're also
looking [music] at some gains that we we
referenced this earlier but really uh
seeing some gains in that space masking
the general weakness across on an index
level.
>> [music]
>> 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo, Japanese markets
are heading to that [music] lunch break
in just a moment. Uh Asia-Pacific is
losing a bit of momentum. We're down
about 9/10 of 1% but I think it has been
a pretty fruitful week as well when it
comes to gains here and really we're
talking maybe we'll still make it to two
straight weeks of gains for Asian
equities. Japan is leading that charge
lower here this morning as Dave
mentioned and volumes are quite low
which is actually a bit surprising as
well here today.
>> Very very low. Um but yes, we will make
it through the week with gains unless we
collapse to about two two or more
percent over the next few hours or so.
It looks like that price will still uh
get over the line. Uh yeah, it's it's
worth pointing out so in fact I had we
had to relook at the calendar today
because volumes are about 23 25% lighter
than average for this time of the day.
Uh for you know, I almost thought that
there was a market closed. It it seemed
yeah, it's that light uh going into the
session that that the thick of things
today. Just looking at the benchmark, we
are down and volumes are on the lower
side of things.
Stasis is I guess a good way to describe
things going into uh going into this
weekend. In fact, it's volumes, right?
Up three straight weeks.
Um, but as the chart's about to show
you, volumes have swooned
uh amidst this uh three-week price
rally. That's at the bottom of your
screens, and that's that blue arrow
effectively uh showing you what a swoon
looks like uh visually.
>> Okay. Um, speaking of really this the
swoon or at least the surge, right? The
shares of many core the non-swoon swoon.
Shares of many core tech have jumped on
his debut here in Hong Kong after an IPO
that raised 156
million US dollars. The co-founder and
chairman, Victor Hwang, says robotics is
poised to be the next real estate. He
also told us Chinese AI is getting
global attention now.
>> We have already focused on the uh
spatial intelligence for almost 3 years,
uh but it's a long journey until the
deep sea become the famous, then a lot
of people from all over the world will
look at the AI technology from China.
Before, people were not look at us. So,
I think it's our honor to be
to be aware.
>> What's your biggest challenge right now?
Because we do know the challenges for
the physical AI and the robotics, and
that is successfully navigating the
physical world. How far are we away from
having that kind of AI adaptation to
allow uh the humanoid robots where
humans interact with the physical world
intuitively? The biggest challenge has
been to get the robotics to do the same.
>> Uh, well, it's a good question. Just uh
I think the biggest challenge is the top
talents and the data.
So, we are we work on the physical AI,
then the physical AI has three parts.
First is embodied AI, and it's it's
linked with the hardware. And
nowadays the the Chinese robot the over
world's robot it's already performed
pretty good. So the next part is the
special intelligence is what we are
working on is the special awareness
reconstruction and
and generation.
And the third part is the world model is
nowadays very famous. You you you can
simulation the world and you can predict
the future. So that three parts combined
together as a physical AI.
>> How important was it for you to take the
company which was founded in 2011 or
thereabouts which was really interior
design software 3D modeling and the
like. How important was it to shift from
that software as a service model which
is right now struggling. If you look at
Salesforce, if you look at Adobe,
they're they're struggling to adapt to
the AI world and AI competitors. How
important was it for the success and the
survival of your company to make that
shift [music] to AI? What is the moat
that
protects you?
>> Yeah.
Actually we start from the GPU to the
cloud. Before I start up this company, I
work at Nvidia work at the Google AI
team. And at that time I I [music] I see
the great opportunity to move the GPU
from desktop to the cloud.
>> Yeah.
>> Then I need to find out the application.
>> [music]
>> Then we can see when the software
business is transacted from this desktop
to the cloud. So we grab the opportunity
then move the traditional software to
the cloud. And nowadays the system was
just improved. The new technology coming
out. So we find out the large model
become
will make the system smaller and
smaller. So I think it's a transacted
from
>> [music]
>> just the new GPU algorithm to make us to
to make the special intelligence.
[music]
I think it's pretty smooth. Just you got
we growth together with the GPU just
growth.
>> Now, where are the proceeds going to go
because again, you're not yet
profitable. You were profitable on an
adjusted basis last year, but still
you're likely to be in the red this
year. You're going to be reinvesting
this into what? [music]
>> Actually, after we be IPO the
the debt is [music] disappeared.
So, we are profitable company right now.
But, we will still engage on the new AI
technology. We will engage on the top
talent. We will engage on the computing
power. We will engage on the data. Then,
we will explore the more market like the
not only in the interior design. We we
will also explore the global market and
also for the 3D contest creation for
e-commercial, for short film. A lot of
domain can use our new technology. Our
new technology not only can support our
soft traditional software. It's also
support our new software.
>> That was Victor Huang, the co-founder
and chairman of ManyCore Tech, which
debuts in Hong Kong today. Not a bad
first day at school. Stephen Engle, of
course, did the interview just there.
>> [music]
>> Right, if you want to rewatch that
interview, it's the video hub. That's
where you go. Live streaming, you can
scroll back some of the things that you
might have missed here. [music] So, we
talked about TV interviews, TV shows,
report analysis, documentaries. Check it
out bloomberg.com/videos.
Yeah.
Welcome back. You're watching ETF IQ
Asia, a special weekly segment that
dives deeper into the industry. We're
start with a quick update, of course, on
how flows are doing the first quarter.
Of course, a big theme because this week
as have markets really moved on from the
situation in Iran. Let's bring in our
ETF analyst, Rebecca Sin, from Bloomberg
Intelligence to track us help us track
us what's going on right now in the ETF
world.
>> So, the flows have moved on, which is
positive. If we look across the flows
for the first quarter, it's really been
a theme of AI tech and chips. If we look
across the board for the top five names
I have seen the most inflow, the first
one is Yuanta
um P Shares. It is the second largest
holder of TSMC with a 63% holdings. And
so, of course, that has done
phenomenally well. It's the number one
inflows across Asia-Pacific with 6.3
billion, but it's also made the board
across globally for number 12 ranked
ETF. It's very, very rare that we get
Asia-Pacific um on the on the
leaderboards globally. But the next name
after that is a China grid uh China
grid. And as you may know, China is the
largest supplier of power grids
globally. Um the government just poured
in 4 trillion RMB into this sector, and
so we're seeing a lot of growth. And
across ETFs, those funds have really
performed 30 to 50% year-to-date. Um
second The third one is then Samsung.
This is also a tech play. It's 30%
biotech and pharma, 20% semiconductors.
So, we're really starting to see a lot
of the AI and themes named. Fourth one
is CSOP Hang Seng Tech. No surprise
there, but the last one is really fixed
income. And as we look across the first
quarter, we're really seeing investors
starting to shift away from these AI and
tech names. And really, that's because
tech names have primarily recovered um
with the positive in the war potentially
ending. So, we're seeing a a shift now
into the products.
>> And let's hope that continues.
>> Into bonds.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And there we go. So, where
are we in as far as some of the end of
the key one data is concerned, right? In
terms of just This is how This is the
state of play across markets. Market
share, by the way, which is divvied up
based on on AUM as you can see in Japan
into mainland China and of course some
of the other markets there. Taiwan,
Korea, and why don't we talk about
Australia? Rebecca staying with us here
of course on set joining us here to
discuss really what the market looks
like in Oz. Alex Finucane, founder and
CEO at BetaShares, an Australian ETF
focused asset manager. She's here for
the seventh but he's also here to see
us. Very nice to see you.
>> Great to be with you.
>> I know fixed income is perhaps having
its time in the spotlight in Oz. I mean
I think we'll get to that in a moment
but tell us about what's happening in
your market in as far as flows are
concerned given the last what let's call
it seven weeks.
>> Absolutely. Look, the ETF story globally
is continuing is continuing to evolve.
The volumes and the inflows into the ETF
industry in Australia
very much mirror what you're seeing in
the rest of the world.
The volumes are up. The inflows are very
strong. The month of March which of
course has been
you know a very volatile month you know
for the markets
has seen the third largest net inflows
in Australia on record for the ETF
industry.
So Australian you know sort of investors
and Asian investors and global investors
are utilizing ETFs
more and more to either manage risk or
to take risk basically in areas that are
finding of relevance.
What we're seeing in Australia is very
strong interest wouldn't surprise you in
oil. You know the volume in the crude
oil ETFs have
significantly increased in March.
People were again either taking risk or
hedging risk using that ETF.
But Australian and global equities are
continuing to dominate you know the
flows basically. And we're seeing
interest both from domestic investors
but as I mentioned increasingly we're
seeing interest from Asian and global
investors more broadly because in the
sea of volatility
um has been a relative island of calm.
>> Mhm.
>> Island of calm, the characteristics of
this ETF market seem to be the most
similar, I would say, to the US. Why do
you think that is? What's driving this
shift?
>> That's a really good point. Uh there's a
very strong uh retail participation.
That's number one. Uh Australia has a
very significant retail market. And the
one little uh tidbit of information on
Australia, even though we are a small
nation in terms of our population of 27
million people, um Australia is on track
by 2030 uh to become to become the
second um largest market in the world uh
for retirement savings, just behind the
US. Um that is all due to our compulsory
retirement savings system, uh which in
Australia we call superannuation. Uh
that industry is compounding at a very
significant rate of growth, and as I
mentioned, by 2030 is on track to become
the second largest in the world. So, uh
back to your question, we have a very
strong retail participation in
Australia. I mean, uh BetaShares itself
uh has more than 1 million uh retail
self-directed uh investors. In addition
to that, uh we have uh a financial
adviser community, which is
predominantly independent. Uh and
independent financial advisers, not too
different to what you're seeing in the
US with RIAs, are significant adopters
of ETFs. So, when I started the company
now uh 15 years ago, uh we hardly had
any financial advisers utilizing ETFs.
Uh today in Australia, over 2/3 of all
financial advisers are utilizing ETFs,
and their propensity to allocate um
capital to ETFs is actually increasing
over time. And the reinvestment rate is
is over 85%. The vast majority of
investors have a great experience
investing in ETFs, and this is not just
BetaShares ETFs, of course. This is the
ecosystem that I'm talking about. So, we
have a thriving uh market, uh which is
growing at a compound annual growth rate
of 42% uh per annum over the past 15
years.
>> Mhm.
So, if we look across Asia Pacific, you
mentioned you guys are the second
largest users of ETFs after the US. If
you look across Asia Pacific, we don't
see that replication. Taiwan has a 73%
retail adoption of ETF, but why do you
think that is and why do you think the
rest of the market hasn't adopted what
Australia and the US has done in terms
of um your superannuations and your
advisors and your independent advisors?
>> Yeah, look, it's a great question,
Rebecca. So, there are a couple of
things here. Um you know, number one, um
Australia um
Australians need to invest globally uh
in order to to invest well. Um you know,
opportunities um you know, sort of
growth opportunities of the future are
really um around the world. Australia is
a is a phenomenal market. I'm of course
a very proud Australian, but you know,
we represent a very small percentage of
of the global opportunity set. Um ETFs
really um are the easiest, the most
convenient um
way for Australian investors to tap
global opportunities, whether it's
global cybersecurity, global artificial
intelligence. Um you know, you name it,
right? There's so many incredible
opportunities everywhere. So, ETFs
becomes the vehicle of choice for retail
investors, um for advisors, importantly,
um Australia um over a decade ago has
gone through a period of reform uh where
remuneration for recommending investment
products um um has been has been changed
uh and advisors um are not receiving any
commission or any other form of
remuneration from product issuers. So,
as soon as ETFs were allowed in
Australia to compete on a level playing
field against other forms of
investments, um that's really
supercharged the growth in the ETF
industry, and that really mirrors what
you've seen in a market like the US. Um
when um when conflicted remuneration and
commissions are removed from the
equation, uh ETFs really come into their
own. They compete really well on a level
playing field.
>> So, domestically, what is becoming what
is more popular? Domestic exposed
wrappers or is it one where Australians
get an exposure to outside and how does
that affect your strategy in terms of
your pipeline?
>> I mean, we've had we've had a really
busy 15 years
continuing to evolve
suite of products. Australia, like every
market, is not a homogeneous market.
Some people invest in very much core
building blocks
and and a number of investors are
investing more thematically
in addition to investing to building a
diversified cost-effective core
portfolio. So, the vast majority of
flows in Australia from Australian
investors are really going into global
exposures.
And what we're seeing also is a very
significant
growth in the adoption of fixed income.
So, in the fixed income category, ETFs
really come into their own. You know,
bonds are very hard to access for retail
investors.
You know, the minimum denominations are
still very high. The ability to get
diversification, to get quality
execution through the ETF vehicle is
really very compelling for advisors, for
the retail investors and increasingly
we're seeing it for institutional
investors in particular from outside of
Australia.
>> So, active ETFs have been around in
Australia for the longest. Why hasn't it
picked up?
>> Look, my view on active is that
ultimately the ETF wrapper is not the
panacea
against poor performance.
If your performance is great, ETF
wrapper can enhance your distribution
capability.
It it modernizes your access to the
market, but at the end of the day,
investors who invest with active
managers and and we have a number of
active strategies at BetaShares we will
partner with with active managers to
bring to market. At the end of the day,
investors expect performance from active
managers and ETF investors in particular
are very familiar with the alternative
of investing of investing in an active
strategy, which is to invest in an
index. So, when an active manager under
delivers basically,
um the uh the alternative is very much
available and is very much there. So,
what we're seeing in Australia is a real
proliferation
uh of active product. However, if you
look at where the flows are going, the
vast majority of flows are still going
into index products. And
the statistics in Australia, if you look
at the S&P SPIVA reports, uh really
mirror the rest of the world, where 75
80% of active managers in any given
period tend to underperform net of fees.
>> Alex, it's great to have you in town
here and of course enjoy the weekend
here in Hong Kong.
>> Thank you. Great to be with you.
>> Alex Vynokur, founder and CEO at
BetaShares and of course our thanks to
Rebecca Sin, Bloomberg Intelligence ETF
analyst. Of course, you can tune in to
the ETF IQ Asia every Friday right here
on the China show, where we're bringing
you more analysis and conversations with
top market players [music]
and newsmakers. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right, it's the Rugby Sevens, right,
kicking off here in Hong Kong today.
It's a good time to focus, of course, on
some of the more aggressive frontiers
for global capital right now, which is
of course the business of sport. At the
HSBC Global Investment Summit, I sat
down with guests including Oliver
Weisberg, the strategic lead behind Joe
Tsai's Lamor acquisition of the Brooklyn
Nets and the Barclays Center. Take a
listen.
>> What's happened over the last 5 or 10
years, I kind of use the term
liberalization of of the sports
industry.
Um when we bought the Brooklyn Nets,
they had to be individually purchased.
Over the last few years, and I have two
colleagues here in the industry who have
running firms doing this, the leagues
are now allowing private equity to get
involved in sports. And that's there's a
few things that have happened there.
Number one,
um
a trophy asset team that might have been
owned in a small town
may have some private equity uh at that
point and may have more professional
management coming in. So, we're seeing
that across the industry and we're
seeing more capital because in the
sports industry, generally speaking,
there was very little debt and very
little access to capital and very little
liquidity. So, it's created this
circularity
uh in in the industry now where you have
more sports owners, more professional
management. That's just created a better
experience, more profitability, and so
forth. So, that's kind of what's changed
in the last sort of 5-6 years.
>> Jeff, maybe you can chime in.
>> Yeah, I would I think the other piece of
the evolution is sports used to be a
very local business. So, you know, 15,
20, 100 years ago in some markets, it
was really about selling tickets to the
match. Local fans would come and that
was really the business of sports.
Um we've seen that evolve significantly.
Local media rights, global media rights,
all forms of content around these sports
platforms and and global audiences. And
I think what has also changed is they
become really large businesses. So, just
to put it into context, I think it's
sort of helpful and the numbers
sometimes surprise me. The annual
revenue of the sports industry every
year is measured in 500 plus billions of
dollars. There's 60 billion dollars of
media rights revenue every year, which
is two times the worldwide box office
for films. So, these are big industries,
they're global, and they've really
allowed um that macro trend paired with
good fundamentals around the businesses.
>> You know, Netflix really fundamentally
changed, among other, you know,
streaming platforms, how, you know, we
all consume scripted content um and
unscripted content.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, everyone can watch it in their
own way on their you know, at their own
at at at their own kind of leisure.
Sports is really that last bastion of
entertainment that brings everyone
together in a communal way on an
appointment viewing basis. And as you
can imagine, that's that's really
valuable from an engagement standpoint,
both as a consumer, but also for brands
that are buying inventory and are trying
to reach a very engaged and valuable
consumer. And I think when you couple
all those things together with the kind
of global reach that these brands now
have and the multi-dimensional
businesses that they all represent,
that's a pretty that's a pretty powerful
and pretty unique ingredient.
>> when you think about a global sports
team,
how many I mean, I maybe you can think
about maybe two hands on, you know,
teams teams and franchises that maybe
have really reached that level.
>> This is a little bit of a plug for
cricket. I think if you look at the
[laughter]
the global interest in cricket, you
know, really driven by the IPL in India,
um is expanding all, you know, at a
tremendous rate. There's interest in
cricket in a lot of markets
internationally. The players are
international athletes, so
uh they'll play in a lot of different
competitions throughout the globe. Um
so, I think that's another good example
of a global sport. They're building the
business model around the fandom. So, I
think there's going to, you know,
continue to see more uh commercially
viable and and revenue growth
opportunities for for sports like
cricket, but they have global fans. The
athletes are global celebrities. The
engagement is tremendous. I think the
opening weekend of the IPL this year,
there were 2 and 1/2 billion minutes of
cricket consumed. I think 450 million
people watched the first first IPL
match. So, the numbers even relative to
global football, soccer, and the NBA uh
are are quite large and staggering and
are growing at uh you know, the probably
the fastest growth rates in any sport in
the world.
>> Yeah, it was a fascinating discussion
here, not just talking about, you know,
the sports, the team investment, but
also sports adjacent and how to make
this a global Yeah. sort of thing. Um
and the NBA coming back to China
certainly was a big thing that, you
know, all the panelists were very
excited about here, given they all have
stakes uh and ownership in some of these
NBA teams. Women's sports obviously is
really good as well. Um but they're also
talking about stadiums. And we got a big
stadium that's going to be filling up
a little bit later on today.
>> Yeah, because last year was the first
sevens that was held at Kai Tak. So,
this is the second iteration. 50,000
uh will be packing themselves into this
Kai Tak [laughter] stadium. Not that
there's a shortage of space, but yes,
it's going to be an extremely busy
weekend here as far as the sevens go.
>> Oh, yeah. I think they've arrived. The
bars are getting ready as well. And what
was this Man City and Arsenal match that
we're going to watch out for?
>> the biggest match of the season. [music]
Either Man City could lose
or or Arsenal does it again and they
they stopped short of
>> [music]
>> of of winning at at the very end.
Anyway, if if they take it, Arsenal,
then it's pretty much theirs. So, this
weekend's going to be jam-packed. We'll
see you all on Monday.